README.md, before:

## 👋 Greetings!
I'm an enthusiastic coder who is always keen on picking up a new project while working on 6 others, because I like a challenge. Currently studying Software Engineering at [Edinburgh Napier University](https://www.napier.ac.uk/), entering my 3rd year.

![visitor badge](https://visitor-badge.glitch.me/badge?page_id=lawful24.visitor-badge&left_color=teal&right_color=grey&left_text=Seen%20By)

---

## :hammer: Current Projects
- Honours Project (Efficient Renewable Energy Distribution in a Multi-Agent System using IoT): <a href="https://react.dev/" target=_blank><img height=20em, width=20em, src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a7/React-icon.svg/768px-React-icon.svg.png?20220125121207" alt="React icon" /></a> <a href="https://www.ibm.com/topics/blockchain" target="_blank"><img height=20em, width=20em, src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/2091/2091665.png" alt="React icon" /></a>
- [Corstorphine Table Tennis Club website](corstorphinett.club): <a href="https://html.com/" target=_blank><img height=20em, width=20em, src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/732/732212.png?w=360" alt="HTML icon" /></a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/Overview.en.html" target="_blank"><img height=20em, width=20em, src="https://cdn4.iconfinder.com/data/icons/social-media-logos-6/512/121-css3-512.png" alt="CSS icon" /></a> <a href="https://www.javascript.com/"><img height=20em, width=20em, src="https://www.freepnglogos.com/uploads/javascript-png/javascript-vector-logo-yellow-png-transparent-javascript-vector-12.png" alt="JavaScript icon" /></a> and for reasons beyond my understanding, <a href="https://sites.google.com/" target="_blank"><img height=20em, width=20em, src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/47/Google_Sites_%282014-2020%29.svg/2048px-Google_Sites_%282014-2020%29.svg.png" alt="Google Sites icon" /></a>
- [Colour picker game on mobile](https://github.com/Lawful24/colour-picker-mobile.git): <a href="https://flutter.dev/" target="_blank"><img height=20em, width=20em, src="https://cdn.cdnlogo.com/logos/f/30/flutter.svg" alt="Flutter icon" /></a>

---

## :books: Actively Learning
<a href="https://react.dev/" target="_blank"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a7/React-icon.svg/768px-React-icon.svg.png?20220125121207" alt="React icon" /></a>
<a href="https://www.ibm.com/topics/blockchain" target="_blank"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/2091/2091665.png" alt="React icon" /></a>

---

## :green_heart: Comfortable With
<a href="https://www.java.com/en/" target="_blank"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/226/226777.png" alt="Java icon" /></a>
<a href="https://cplusplus.com/" target="_blank"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://brandslogos.com/wp-content/uploads/thumbs/c-logo-vector.svg" alt="C++ icon" /></a>
<a href="https://www.python.org/" target="_blank"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c3/Python-logo-notext.svg/1869px-Python-logo-notext.svg.png" alt="Python icon" /></a>
<a href="https://html.com/" target=_blank><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/732/732212.png?w=360" alt="HTML icon" /></a>
<a href="https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/Overview.en.html" target="_blank"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://cdn4.iconfinder.com/data/icons/social-media-logos-6/512/121-css3-512.png" alt="CSS icon" /></a>
<a href="https://www.javascript.com/"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://www.freepnglogos.com/uploads/javascript-png/javascript-vector-logo-yellow-png-transparent-javascript-vector-12.png" alt="JavaScript icon" /></a>
<a href="https://www.docker.com/"><img height=40em, width=50em, src="https://www.docker.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/Docker-Logo-White-RGB_Moby.png" alt="Docker icon" /></a>
<a href="https://ubuntu.com/"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://assets.ubuntu.com/v1/29985a98-ubuntu-logo32.png" alt="Ubuntu icon" /></a>

---

## :watch: Previously Worked With
<a href="https://en.cppreference.com/w/c/language" target="_blank"><img height=40em, width=37em, src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/18/C_Programming_Language.svg/217px-C_Programming_Language.svg.png" alt="C icon" /></a> 
<a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/tour-of-csharp/" target="_blank"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://static.cdnlogo.com/logos/c/68/c-sharp-800x800.png" alt="C# icon" /></a> 
<a href="https://kotlinlang.org/" target="_blank"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/06/Kotlin_Icon.svg/2048px-Kotlin_Icon.svg.png" alt="Kotlin icon" /></a> 
<a href="https://dart.dev/" target="_blank"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1609975?s=280&v=4" alt="Dart icon" /></a> 
<a href="https://httpd.apache.org/"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://www.apache.org/foundation/press/kit/feather.png" alt="Apache icon" /></a> 
<a href="https://www.mysql.com/"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/5968/5968313.png" alt="MySQL icon" /></a>

---

## :triangular_ruler: Other Skills
<a href="https://app.diagrams.net/"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://images.g2crowd.com/uploads/product/image/large_detail/large_detail_9461f02c23e995e5d5e46e2676d110af/draw-io.png" alt="draw.io icon" /></a> 
<a href="https://www.adobe.com/uk/products/audition.html"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/19/Adobe_Audition_CC_icon.svg/1050px-Adobe_Audition_CC_icon.svg.png" alt="Audition icon" /></a>
<a href="https://www.guitar-pro.com/"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/491117/39676375-027b20b2-516a-11e8-830e-a1afac084827.png" alt="Guitar Pro logo" /></a>

---

## :chart_with_upwards_trend: GitHub Stats
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats">
    <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Lawful24&show_icons=true&bg_color=20,41295a,2f0743&title_color=e4e4e4&text_color=e4e4e4" alt="Profile Stats" />
  </a>
</div>
<br>
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats">
    <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Lawful24&layout=compact&bg_color=20,41295a,2f0743&title_color=e4e4e4&text_color=e4e4e4" alt="Languages Used In Public Repos" />
  </a>
</div>

---

## :telephone_receiver: Contact Me
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/l%C3%A1szl%C3%B3-t%C3%A1rk%C3%A1nyi-b70059100/"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/174/174857.png" alt="LinkedIn logo" /></a> 
<a href="mailto:tarkanyilacko@gmail.com"><img height=40em, width=50em, src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/7e/Gmail_icon_%282020%29.svg/2560px-Gmail_icon_%282020%29.svg.png" alt="Gmail icon" /></a>

Commit message:

Update profile description, fix profile view count badge

README.md, after:

## 👋 Greetings!
I'm an enthusiastic coder who is always keen on picking up a new project while working on 6 others because I can't catch a break. Currently studying Software Engineering at [Edinburgh Napier University](https://www.napier.ac.uk/), entering my 4th year. I graduated from the IB Diploma Programme in 2020 where I studied Computer Science at a higher level, with a final grade of 6 and submitted a [Computer Science Internal Assessment](https://github.com/Lawful24/Studio-Application) which achieved a grade of 7. This GitHub Profile contains both university and personal projects. 

![Visitor Badge](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=lawful24&color=green&style=flat) [![Github](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/lawful24?label=Follow&style=social)](https://github.com/lawful24)
<br/><br/>

---

## :hammer: Current Projects
- Honours Project (Efficient Renewable Energy Distribution in a Multi-Agent System using IoT): <a href="https://react.dev/" target=_blank><img height=20em, width=20em, src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a7/React-icon.svg/768px-React-icon.svg.png?20220125121207" alt="React icon" /></a> <a href="https://www.ibm.com/topics/blockchain" target="_blank"><img height=20em, width=20em, src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/2091/2091665.png" alt="React icon" /></a>
- [Corstorphine Table Tennis Club website](corstorphinett.club): <a href="https://html.com/" target=_blank><img height=20em, width=20em, src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/732/732212.png?w=360" alt="HTML icon" /></a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/Overview.en.html" target="_blank"><img height=20em, width=20em, src="https://cdn4.iconfinder.com/data/icons/social-media-logos-6/512/121-css3-512.png" alt="CSS icon" /></a> <a href="https://www.javascript.com/"><img height=20em, width=20em, src="https://www.freepnglogos.com/uploads/javascript-png/javascript-vector-logo-yellow-png-transparent-javascript-vector-12.png" alt="JavaScript icon" /></a> and for reasons beyond my understanding, <a href="https://sites.google.com/" target="_blank"><img height=20em, width=20em, src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/47/Google_Sites_%282014-2020%29.svg/2048px-Google_Sites_%282014-2020%29.svg.png" alt="Google Sites icon" /></a>
- [Colour picker game on mobile](https://github.com/Lawful24/colour-picker-mobile.git): <a href="https://flutter.dev/" target="_blank"><img height=20em, width=20em, src="https://cdn.cdnlogo.com/logos/f/30/flutter.svg" alt="Flutter icon" /></a>

---

## :books: Actively Learning
<a href="https://react.dev/" target="_blank"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a7/React-icon.svg/768px-React-icon.svg.png?20220125121207" alt="React icon" /></a>
<a href="https://www.ibm.com/topics/blockchain" target="_blank"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/2091/2091665.png" alt="React icon" /></a>

---

## :green_heart: Comfortable With
<a href="https://www.java.com/en/" target="_blank"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/226/226777.png" alt="Java icon" /></a>
<a href="https://cplusplus.com/" target="_blank"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://brandslogos.com/wp-content/uploads/thumbs/c-logo-vector.svg" alt="C++ icon" /></a>
<a href="https://www.python.org/" target="_blank"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c3/Python-logo-notext.svg/1869px-Python-logo-notext.svg.png" alt="Python icon" /></a>
<a href="https://html.com/" target=_blank><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/732/732212.png?w=360" alt="HTML icon" /></a>
<a href="https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/Overview.en.html" target="_blank"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://cdn4.iconfinder.com/data/icons/social-media-logos-6/512/121-css3-512.png" alt="CSS icon" /></a>
<a href="https://www.javascript.com/"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://www.freepnglogos.com/uploads/javascript-png/javascript-vector-logo-yellow-png-transparent-javascript-vector-12.png" alt="JavaScript icon" /></a>
<a href="https://www.docker.com/"><img height=40em, width=50em, src="https://www.docker.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/Docker-Logo-White-RGB_Moby.png" alt="Docker icon" /></a>
<a href="https://ubuntu.com/"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://assets.ubuntu.com/v1/29985a98-ubuntu-logo32.png" alt="Ubuntu icon" /></a>

---

## :watch: Previously Worked With
<a href="https://en.cppreference.com/w/c/language" target="_blank"><img height=40em, width=37em, src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/18/C_Programming_Language.svg/217px-C_Programming_Language.svg.png" alt="C icon" /></a> 
<a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/tour-of-csharp/" target="_blank"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://static.cdnlogo.com/logos/c/68/c-sharp-800x800.png" alt="C# icon" /></a> 
<a href="https://kotlinlang.org/" target="_blank"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/06/Kotlin_Icon.svg/2048px-Kotlin_Icon.svg.png" alt="Kotlin icon" /></a> 
<a href="https://dart.dev/" target="_blank"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1609975?s=280&v=4" alt="Dart icon" /></a> 
<a href="https://httpd.apache.org/"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://www.apache.org/foundation/press/kit/feather.png" alt="Apache icon" /></a> 
<a href="https://www.mysql.com/"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/5968/5968313.png" alt="MySQL icon" /></a>

---

## :triangular_ruler: Other Skills
<a href="https://app.diagrams.net/"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://images.g2crowd.com/uploads/product/image/large_detail/large_detail_9461f02c23e995e5d5e46e2676d110af/draw-io.png" alt="draw.io icon" /></a> 
<a href="https://www.adobe.com/uk/products/audition.html"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/19/Adobe_Audition_CC_icon.svg/1050px-Adobe_Audition_CC_icon.svg.png" alt="Audition icon" /></a>
<a href="https://www.guitar-pro.com/"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/491117/39676375-027b20b2-516a-11e8-830e-a1afac084827.png" alt="Guitar Pro logo" /></a>

---

## :chart_with_upwards_trend: GitHub Stats
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats">
    <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Lawful24&show_icons=true&bg_color=20,41295a,2f0743&title_color=e4e4e4&text_color=e4e4e4" alt="Profile Stats" />
  </a>
</div>
<br>
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats">
    <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Lawful24&layout=compact&bg_color=20,41295a,2f0743&title_color=e4e4e4&text_color=e4e4e4" alt="Languages Used In Public Repos" />
  </a>
</div>

---

## :telephone_receiver: Contact Me
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/l%C3%A1szl%C3%B3-t%C3%A1rk%C3%A1nyi-b70059100/"><img height=40em, width=40em, src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/174/174857.png" alt="LinkedIn logo" /></a> 
<a href="mailto:tarkanyilacko@gmail.com"><img height=40em, width=50em, src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/7e/Gmail_icon_%282020%29.svg/2560px-Gmail_icon_%282020%29.svg.png" alt="Gmail icon" /></a>
